[Music]
now you remember the song the 12 days of
Christmas and that verse about the five
golden rings they didn't say anything
about on which fingers those golden
rings ended up well today we'll solve
that mystery and many others here's what
rings on different fingers say about
your personality rings aren't just
beautiful jewelry they can say a lot
about your relationship status level of
education and even your personality
everything depends on the finger on
which you're wearing a ring
now before you learn about the meanings
of rings on different fingers click the
subscription button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life right thumb a ring
on your right thumb says nothing about
your marital status profession or
position in society but it can reveal
some of your personal traits for example
if it's a woman wearing a ring on her
right thumb she may be kind of a tomboy
this may also hint that she's pretty
stubborn and has a quick temper if a man
chooses this finger to wear a ring he
wants to show off his manliness and
strength at the same time according to
Chinese philosophy a ring on the right
thumb means flexibility and the ability
to adapt to the will of other people
[Music]
right index finger in some cultures a
ring on this finger symbolizes marriage
aside from this a ring on the right
index finger doesn't seem to have any
particular meaning but some people
believe that such a ring is connected to
a person's thirst for power on the other
hand there are five other fingers
actually there are those who connect a
ring on the right index finger with
being obedient and ready to accept
advice from other people Chinese
philosophy supports this point of view
and associates a ring on the right index
finger with the willingness to accept a
submissive role right middle finger now
a ring on the right middle finger can be
interpreted however you want and that
gives you the freedom to invent your own
symbolism for this ring for example
according to astrology the right middle
finger is connected with Saturn ooh
it has rings to being the middle finger
and they also represent balance in China
a ring on this finger is associated with
the ability to analyze situations
correctly and make your own independent
choices right ring finger
ah the right ring finger is the finger
where people in some countries place
wedding rings Norway Russia Poland
Greece and Cuba for example on the other
hand this may mean that a person is
divorced or has lost their spouse right
pinkie finger ah on this finger is the
ring of your professional status this
means you have a degree in some
discipline or proficiency in a
particular sphere such rings are usually
made of stainless steel or iron left
thumb just like the right thumb when you
put a ring on your left thumb you don't
reveal anything about your profession
relationship status or educational level
however you do come across as a
confident and fashionable person the
best way to show this is with a chunky
ring but make sure it doesn't hinder
your movements as for Chinese people
they believe that a ring on the left
thumb is associated with assertiveness
left index finger
ah that's the perfect finger on which to
wear an important ring it's simply bound
to be noticed there in astrology the
left index finger symbolizes Jupiter
this ties a ring on this finger to
status and power if family is important
to you you can wear family heirlooms and
Signet rings on this finger
according to Chinese philosophy a ring
on the left index finger means you long
for power and want to be in charge left
middle finger a ring on the left middle
finger doesn't have any particular
meaning serving as a decoration and
symbolizing beauty if you're a
self-conscious person who often gets
lost in their head while busy with self
analysis the left middle finger is where
you should put your ring left ring
finger in many countries a ring on the
left ring finger is either a wedding or
engagement ring but it can have several
additional meetings if a person has a
ring on this finger and lives in a
western country they are likely to be
legally married this tradition
originated long ago when people believe
that blood moved to the heart through
the vein of the left ring finger if you
aren't married but still have a ring on
this finger you might be engaged the
ring symbolizes the promise of your
beloved to marry you on top of that it
tells all the people around you that
you're taken mm-hmm some young people
wear a chastity ring on their left ring
finger this means that they don't want
to have physical intimacy until they get
married
[Music]
left pinkie finger a ring on your left
pinky finger can mean a couple of things
traditionally if a man wears two rings
on his left pinky it means that he's
married the top rang is a signet ring
and the bottom one indicates his
marriage
this practice isn't so popular nowadays
and it might eventually die out a ring
on the left pinky maybe just an
accessory in this case since this finger
is quite elegant and small the ring
shouldn't be too big and now let's see
what wearing a ring on a particular
finger says about your personality on
your thumbs not many people choose to
wear rings on their thumbs typically
most of the people who do are men as it
serves as a symbol of their manliness if
a woman wears a ring on this finger it
emphasizes her strong character such
ladies don't like to be told what to do
and can deal with problems on their own
on your index fingers now here's where
things get a bit more complicated it
makes a difference whether you have a
ring on your right hand index finger or
your left if you have a ring on your
right index finger you either feel
powerful or want to get this power in
the future as for those who wear a ring
on their left index finger they are born
leaders however some of these people can
suffer from megalomania hmm in general
regardless of the hand a ring on the
index finger means you're a bit
conservative but not naive you're an
honest person and can recognize when
someone is trying to deceive you on your
middle fingers
according to experts these are the best
fingers for women to wear rings on if
that's how you wear your rings
you're a natural peacemaker you always
tried to balance everything and everyone
around you on top of that your
larger-than-life personality attracts
people to you some physiologists are
sure that those who wear rings on their
middle fingers strive for attention on
your ring fingers if you're single but
like wearing a ring on your ring finger
you're a very romantic person family and
love are vital components of life for
you and your emotional and sensitive
another interesting fact is that if the
ring you're wearing on this finger is
large you're a passionate person if it's
small you might have doubts about the
relationship between you and your
partner wearing a ring on your ring
finger may also be connected to your
positive attitude to life and creativity
on your pinky fingers people who wear
rings on their pinky fingers are
friendly talkative and sociable they
form strong connections with the people
around them
in addition they are intelligent and
have developed intuition men who have
some kind of authority like wearing
rings on this finger as well and if a
ring on the pinky has a rectangular
shape the person who's wearing it is
serious and scrupulous does any of this
ring a bell
[Music]
so which figures to you usually wear
your rings on right about this in the
comments below remember to hit the like
button share this video with your
friends and subscribe to this channel to
join us on the bright side of life